how are you ? how do i have great for you
news
i get married younger than you i see almost easier
32 my hemorrhoids are almost 32
let's arrange a bachelor party vegas me
can not smoke drink eat salted
did you agree horribly about you
look maybe i'm sitting at home not even
think the main thing relax
you doing what the hell are you there
going to marry vegas if you think
that i will go vegas for this idiot you
more stupid over part not he came up with
how many times I do not even so much not
I will live and the variant will already have a drink
damn water you drink damn pills
and start this damn party
do you know who live in this hotel fifty50
them perth
here and desserts Valerik TSN breeze York
jackson rapper yes yes yes from jackson fact
there is a model in every guy and that's enough for
all of you
which are you better for me and what do u have
me in life today we will come off as 52
I got married
I am a sinner from the gates of this day
guy and maybe went to went over for how
and I will give you your opinion
who does not dissolve from and except on from us
there is an unresolved conflict
I have such a hangover thirty years
was my room spinning